# flutter_first_run

First flutter application

Follow the tutorial [here](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab), and you can build this too.

## Links to files you may want to checkout:

- Main code for the app: [main.dart](https://github.com/yashkurkure/flutterApps/blob/main/flutter_first_run/lib/main.dart)
- Dependency Files: [pubspec.yml](https://github.com/yashkurkure/flutterApps/blob/main/flutter_first_run/pubspec.yaml), [pubspec.lock](https://github.com/yashkurkure/flutterApps/blob/main/flutter_first_run/pubspec.lock)

## Notes on the flutter project structure

- **.idea** => config files for android studio (ignored by .gitignore). You normally dont have to do change anything in this folder.
- **.vscpde** => You have this if you are using vscode as your IDE. Config files for your vscode IDE.
- **android** => Folder contains a complete android project. When your flutter code gets compiled into native code it will get injected into this android project.
- **ios** => Folder contains the ios version of the project. Code is injected here when you compile your dart code to native ios code. If you are using windows you won't have this folder, because apple does not allow building ios apps on windows.
- **build** => (ignored by .gitignore) This folder is generated and managed by the flutter sdk. You dont have to change anything here, the flutter sdk handles everything.
- **lib** => lib stands for library. Here is where we would add all our .dart files. This is where we write all the code for the flutter app.
- **pubscpec.yaml** => You can configure the dependencies of your project here. Link 3rd party images, fonts, images etc.
- **pubspec.lock** => Generated by using the .lock file. It contains a list of all the packages your app uses. This is also a required file by flutter, but we dont need to edit this.
- **test** => can contain automated tests for the flutter app. Not compulsory.
- **.gitognore** => Tells git to ignore certain files while pushing commits. Like the build and .idea folder.
- **.metadata** => Managed by flutter. It saves some info here which it needs to build our app.
- **.packages** => (igonred by .gitignore) Managed by flutter. Generated by the flutter sdk, manages some internal dependencies.
- **.iml** files => (ignored by .gitignore) Mnaged by flutter to take care of internal dependencies.
